# Final Project for ASTR2600: Intro to Scientic Programing 

## Directory 
This is ment to help guide the grader in finding where files are located for specific parts. In general, all code files are stored in the working directory. The "Output" subdirectory contains graphics and animations generated by the code. The "Data" subdirectory contains initial conditions for the simulations.

Any .txt files in */Output/...* correspond to responses to question in the project description.

Any question which I do not have code for is listed as ***<incomplete>***. Responses for how I will aproch them are below the directory 

1. **N-Body Dynamics**

2. **Write Calculation Tools**
    * Question 1:  */forces.py*
       * Test written in *main.py*
    * Question 2:  */leapfrog.py*
       * Test written in *main.py*
    * Question 3: */main.py*
    
3. **Earth in (Circular) Orbit Around the Sun**
    * Question 4: */EarthInCircularOrbit.py*
    * Question 5: */EarthInCircularOrbit.py*
       * Output to */Output/Part 3/Question 5/...*
          * timeVSxPosition.png
	  * xyPlane.png
	  * sunXvelocity.png
    * Question 6: */EarthInCircularOrbit2.py*
       * Output to */Output/Part 3/Question 6*
          * timeVSxPosition2.png
	  * xyPlane2.png
	  * sunXvelocity2.png

4. **The Cicumbinary Exoplanet Kepler-16ABb**
    * Question 7: */ExoplanetKepler16.py*
    * Question 8: */ExoplanetKepler16.py*
       * Output to */Output/Part 4/kepler16InitialConditions.png*
    * Question 9: */ExoplanetKepler16.py*
    * Question 10: */ExoplanetKepler16.py*
       * Output to */Output/Part 4/kepler16Animation.mp4*

5. **Choose Your Own Adventure**
    * Question 11: ***<incomplete>***
    * Question 12: ***<incomplete>***


## Responses

Part 5.
Question 11. There's not much to say for this part. I'll probably pick a really stupid distribution like the cube of particles

Question 12. I'll do something similar to what I did in part 4 question 10 except I'll plot it in 3-d. This is merely a matter of changing the plot command to their 3d varrient (e.g. plot -> plot3D). I'll also dynamically adjust the viewing angle by updating it in the *animate()* function. This will allow the camera to swing around the particle system.

